[00:10 -> 00:40] Hi, everyone. Today we're going to go over how to enter new users into Optimum Control. While using the program, if you have multiple people entering information, it is recommended that each person have their own user in the program. To create a new user, you would go into the settings, or the gear icon to the top left, and then into security. In here, you're going to see two options, employees and access levels. Employees are the users of the program and access levels will control what each user can access. If we go into the employees,
[00:40 -> 01:11] it'll list all the current users on the left hand side. If you want to create a new user, we can click new at the top. It's going to ask us to fill the information. The only required fields are the fields of the red boxes, as well as the password. I'm just going to go through and fill this information here, so for the name, I'm just going to put in support, and then for the email, support at trackrate.net. The next thing that's going to ask is the user name, and this is going to be the user name you'll use to sign into the program, so I'll just get, again, use support, and then it's going to ask for the password. Now, once we've
[01:11 -> 01:41] put in a password, it's going to pop up and have us confirm that as well, just to make sure that we don't make any spelling mistakes. The last option is going to be access level. This is going to determine what this user can access. Administrator has access to everything. If you'd like to limit what they have access to, you can go into the access levels and edit that. So I'm just going to save this user for now, and then we can go into the access levels. So right now, we have administrator, and then we have a couple options underneath that. If we go into one of them, we can break it down by window
[01:41 -> 02:07] of what they have access to, and what they have access to within that window. So for example, items, we can choose no access, read only, update, not create, or full access. Once you go through each window and choose what they have access to, you can save that. We can then go back and choose which access level we want them to have access to. Once we choose that, we can save again, and this user is now created. That is how you create use is not from control. Thanks for watching.
