[00:10 -> 00:40] Hi, everyone. Today we're going to go over how to link pending sales at the head office level. When you're using enterprise, if you have pending sales at the store level, the head office will need to create the product or need to link up the products at the head office level. To do that, we can use the pending sales tool on the website. To use it, go under utility, and then pending sales. Once the pending sales window loads up, you'll be able to choose the criteria that you're going to be checking for. The first option is going to be the day range. So what time period do you want to look at the pending sales for?
[00:40 -> 01:10] In this case, I'm just going to save this week. There's also a filter icon here if you want to filter for a specific store or type of status. Once you have all that selected, we can just click go, and it'll start loading it up. Once the pending sales loads, you'll be able to see the pending sales for the criteria we selected. You'll be able to see the POS ID, description, as well as the status at both the store and enterprise level. This first line here, we can see is mismatched at both levels. The product in question is burger platter, and the description is coming
[01:10 -> 01:41] in as burger meal, which means that we've basically changed the description in the POS system, and it needs to update in optimal control. To do that, we can highlight the product and click switch description. Once we do that, we can see the green check mark here, saying that it's good at enterprise, but not good at the store level. We'll have to send that down as a recipe set, but we'll do that after we process the rest of the pending sales. As we can see when we look at the rest of the products here, they're all unlinked. So to fix those, we have two different options. We can either create a new product or link to an existing product.
[01:41 -> 02:13] If we know we have to the head office level already, for burger, I know that this has been created. So I'm going to link to an existing product and search up burger. I can see I have the product here, so I can click on it. And what's going to do is it's going to take the POS description and insert that into the product at the head office level. Once that's done, again, we get the green check mark at the enterprise level. The last thing we would have to do is create a new product. So for fries, for example, I know we don't have that at the enterprise level yet. So we can click create new product.
[02:13 -> 02:41] And it'll bring up a new window where we can add in the information for it. So description, fries, sales group is going to be appetizers. The rest, the information is filled in here. And we just need to put in the ingredients. Once we do that, we can go back to the pending sales window. And if we click go, it's going to refresh the screen with the new information.
[02:41 -> 02:51] We can now see that all three of these products have a green check mark at the enterprise level at the store status, though, we have mismatched unlinked still. That's because these haven't been sent down to the store level yet.
[02:51 -> 02:58] And they haven't been processed. So to do that, we can check off these three items and then set them for export.
[02:58 -> 03:04] And this will make it so the next time you create a recipe set, they're going to be automatically added to the exported section.
[03:04 -> 03:12] Once you save and send down that recipe set, and it's downloaded at the store level, you'll need to either revalidate for the days of sales or rerun the sales.
[03:12 -> 03:19] Once you do that, your pending sales will be linked. That is how you process pending sales on the enterprise level. Thanks for watching.
