[00:10 -> 00:40] Hi, everyone. Today, I'm going to go over how to export and import bid prices. In Optimum Control, you're able to import bid prices from your suppliers. Once they're imported, when you generate an order, it will select the case size to use based on the best price. Today, I'm going to go over how to export and import those bid sheets into the program. First, we will need to go into the bid list window, which is under orders, and then bid lists. From here, the first step is to export the template for you or your supplier to fill out. You can also fill out the pricing map
[00:40 -> 01:12] manually in this window. However, usually, it's easier to do through the template. First, we're going to select the supplier, so we're going to do bakery shop in this scenario, and it'll display all of the case sizes for the supplier. Next, to generate the file, to simplest clicking export at the top, and then choosing where you want to save the file. Once you have that location selected, click save. Now, this is just going to generate a simple CSV file, where the column G will need to be filled out with the price. I'll open up the file here as an example.
[01:12 -> 01:42] This column G will have the bid price. They will just need to fill out how much each of these case sizes will cost. Once you have the filled out bid sheet, you can then import the data back into opt and control. It will be done from the same window. This time, instead of clicking export, we'll click import. If you want to overwrite the data, click yes. Find where you have the file saved, then double click, and it'll import it. In the file, there is a column for expiry date, and that will import into here. That just gives your supplier a chance to have a copy
[01:42 -> 02:11] of that update for how long this price will be valid for. The other thing you'll notice is you'll have your current case cost here. That's what's currently in the system. You'll be able to see what the bid price is here, so you can compare those now. Once you can confirm everything is good, we can save the bid list. This will need to be done for each supplier trying to compare prices from. Once you have all the bid lists imported, when we go to make an order, let's do that now. We'll go to orders, create a new worksheet, search for fun.
[02:11 -> 02:24] If we select that item, it'll choose the item from the bakery shop because currently that's the only bid list, but if you had multiple bid lists, it'll choose whatever the cheapest price is, and the price here is going to match whatever was in the bid list.
[02:24 -> 02:32] That is how you export and import bids into OC. We also have a video on how to order an opt and control, which will be down in the description. Thanks for watching.
