[00:09 -> 00:39] Hi, everyone. Today, I'm going to go over the item and store management utility. This is used when you have a multi-store database and you want to share items, preps, or products across the stores. You will be able to copy the items, preps, or products, two or from any of the stores that you have in the database. This is an important tool to use as it will tell you the system that is the same item, prepper, product, across the stores, and will allow transfers in consolidated reporting for the item. First, we will need to navigate to the utility. To do this, we're going to go under the settings or the gear icon.
[00:39 -> 01:09] On the top left, then utilities, and item and store management. At the top of the window, we're going to see two options, either get items or send items to the store. In this case, we're going to send items, and then when you have to drop down, we'll see any other stores that are available. In this database, there's only one other store, store two, so we're going to select that. Once you select the store, it's going to populate two columns here. The column on the right-hand side is going to display any common items, preps, or products between the two stores, whereas the column
[01:09 -> 01:39] on the left-hand side will display the items, preps, or products that are only in one store. This will vary depending on if you choose to get items or send items as far as which items are being displayed. At the top of each column, you'll see tabs to differentiate between items, preps, or products, depending on what you're wanting to transfer. You'll also have the ability to top the window, either search for specific item, prepper, product, or we have filters for active or inactive, or inventory your sales groups, depending if you're an item, prepper, product. Once you find the item, or items you're wanting
[01:39 -> 02:09] to transfer over, you can simply highlight what you want to transfer over and move it across. If you want to multi-select a couple of items, there's a couple of different ways you can do that. You can highlight the top item in a section, hold shift, and then click the bottom one. It'll highlight everything in between, and you can drag that over. Or you can also highlight individual items by highlighting one, holding control on your keyboard, holding another, holding control on the keyboard, clicking another, and you'll be able to transfer all of those over. Once you have everything transferred over,
[02:09 -> 02:20] that you want, you can then click save to save the changes. That's how you use the item and store management, which will allow you to copy items, preps, or products from one store to another, and multi-store databases. Thanks for watching.
