[00:09 -> 00:39] Hi everyone! Today I'm going to go over how to use the item classification editor. This will allow you to mass move items, preps, or products to different groups, or move case sizes or products to different tax groups. This can be useful as if you are making the same change to multiple items, preps, or products at the same time. The first thing we're going to do is navigate to the item classification editor, which can be found under utility, and then item classification editor. Once it loads, you'll see each type of entity you can update at the top, sales groups, inventory groups,
[00:39 -> 01:09] tax group products, and tax group case sizes. Under that, you'll see a checkbox to show an active. This can be useful checkbox if you're wanting to delete a tax, group, or group, but when you try it says you can't because it's in use. If you check this off, you'll be able to see all the items in that group, including the inactive ones. After that, we see two columns. The one on the left is where everything is currently located. We are in the sales group right now, so it's going to show all of the sales groups that have something populated in it.
[01:09 -> 01:39] If we hit the arrow, it'll show everything within that group. The right column is list of all the sales groups that have been created. If we want to move something from one group to another, we can simply highlight the product and drag it to where we want to put it. If we want to move more over, say the entire group, we have two beverage sections here which obviously we don't want, so let's move all of the beverages to the beverage. We can just grab the entire group and drag that over. Once you make the changes you want, you can click save, and it'll update.
[01:39 -> 01:50] If you go through each type of entity, you have sales group, inventory group, etc., they're all going to be laid out the same, and they'll be able to transfer everything over just the same.
[01:50 -> 01:58] That is the item classification editor. This is a useful tool to mass move items, products, or case sizes from one group to another. Thanks for watching.
