[00:10 -> 00:40] In Optimum Control, you may run into a situation where you notice that your item or variants in the usage summary report is not the value you are expecting. This can be caused by a couple different things. The most common reasons are going to be an incorrect invoice entry for the item, a conversion change, or a case size change. In order to fix this, you can re-value your inventory. The first step is ensuring that the item is set up correctly. In order to do this, we're going to go into the item and make sure that the price, case size, and any conversions are set up correctly. To do this, we can click right on the item icon next to
[00:40 -> 01:11] the name, and it'll bring us right into the item. From here, we notice right away that the price here isn't correct, so we can update it to what the price actually is, which is $39.95 in this case, and then we can save the item. Once we jump back into the reports, we can then double check if the purchases are correct. To do that, we can drill into the purchases by clicking on the period purchases column for the item. It'll then bring us to the report where we can see that we bought one case for $39.95, $64.00 at a distance.
[01:11 -> 01:42] Next up, this all looks correct. Once we confirm that both the item is correct and the purchases are correct, we can then re-value the inventory. What this is going to do is it's going to set the two inventories at the current price for this particular item. To do this, we're going to go into the settings, gear icon on the top left, go under preferences, inventory, and select last cost. We're then going to save. From there, we're going to jump into the inventory. We're going to go into the main menu, go into the count inventory window,
[01:42 -> 02:06] and the inventory want to adjust. Once that loads up, we can then adjust the count sheet. What we're going to do is we're going to change the count for the item to something else, and then change it back. We're just going to change it to zero. Put it back to one, and then we can re-summarize and save. The reason is going to be to re-value. We're then going to do the same thing for the closing inventory as well.
[02:06 -> 02:30] Bring us back to the count sheet view. Go back into the inventory here. Adjust count sheet. Change it from 0.5 to zero. Change it from 0.5 to zero. Change it back to 0.5. Then we can re-summarize and save. Re-value. If we go back to the report, we can refresh it, and now it looks correct.
